Add JS and CSS content (#62)
giantswarm/fmt: javascript/general_style_guide.md

}
```

### Importing images

Avoid `src` `img` attribute for local images. Instead, import them in React components as regular
ES6 modules with the `import` syntax and let Webpack handle them:

```javascript
import { logo } from '../images/;
```

## CSS

> Currently we are in the process ofmoving all the styles in sass files (.scss / .sass) to React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we are in the process of moving all the styles in sass files (.scss / .sass) to React
```
